There just wake up and pilot the car 18
arrived in excellent condition to stock 1 in
back here on the street circuit of
salvador circuit that I like a lot
to win last year how to start
return
who has a new chicane wants the year
past era of fourth gear is now
second or first gear very tight
here the finish line for April
here as the curve is easily spiked
in fourth gear something that was
Pleasant to do but as I think it is
tighter
quietly aggravated that you
arrives in fourth gear here in this
50's board a little further on
already in second gear a good curve
ability you have to always seek
here in the middle goes very close to the wall
now I'm seeing one of the biggest falls
strong does not make a decision arrives
crossing the track here and injured more than 50
meters
is a stretch that usually or very well
this curve that the hair pink some
pilots make first and second
martyr
the climb
which comes for a very pleasant
track also arrives in fourth gear
brake slightly after 50
have for the second gear here and
first here in this little old man and
pro bow out perhaps the most challenging
From Brazil, today it 's the crowd that people
makes around 180 degrees per hour
almost was recorded passing very close
of the wall here
also practically the accumulation of the
inside the outside the outside and
Here a very important party as well
that a franchise that arrives very fast
strong cold from 50 meters that will
have a car well inside the curve
The traction is very important to me.
when it accelerates now
and the last one is the Chinese girl who is well
slow to very challenging
I suffered a little after 50 megs do
It takes a lot to do here too.
it's over grandma